by orders of the monterrey directive and leandro gracián had
failed in red
Juan Pablo Loco García does not intend to take away the job he has insured
sebastián 'loco' abreu of the Copa Libertadores de America
Buenos Aires flag cases won the cavaliers of Cleveland and went to a
triumph of being champions in January teaching rather well the multimedia
of death
the current world champion jorge love ameal affirmed the spokesman
a caravan of motor vehicles and become very good nights welcome
although in them he declared that we are completely live and direct channel
goal television
Today continues the novel by leandro gracián correo de Monterrey
that we are going to talk about wolves the versions are mere collaborators the
will dictate the days and that will be people of tigers as the river 2 the
promoter also wine thank you for who is lying all this the
protagonists wholesale and better information no doubt that something is
happening I ignore what with information of look
what we have
after versions 2 its striking the idea is that we do not know yet if the
ball
What really happened was what happened in Mexican football not only
because we are going to talk when some cases may be the parliamentary groups
to montenegro so if the recession is that someone lies environment tell us
that lies the monterrey
also from your representative that the player is why we're going to present
the four versions that you can tell who is the one lying in that
case of the assassination of the striped training of monterrey but of the
first
any country where he trained leandro gracián
unexpectedly the Argentine leandro gracián up to train with the
first division after apparently the albiazul directive does not
would allow him to travel the preseason
the Argentine who has commented his pleasure to stay in Monterrey, although Miguel
Herrera did not accept it arrived at 9:30 in the morning of this
Wednesday to the facility where the service would take place
the tortures will be closed not with the first locke I do not know what it is that I
I think so at the negotiating table in the draft of Mexican football Diego
fernando urdiales 3 700 million
reappeared with josé gonzález ornelas
efe the representative of leandro gracián talks about how the
things based on what sebastián muriel tigers and d
an attic beetle not because I think it deserves it was not against functions
the representative of the Argentine leandro gracián martín hernández
explained about his client's case after he admitted that
He is still a player of Monterrey, being that Morelia has already requested it
commented the cement goalkeeper does not provide the first division's scratch
tomorrow of this Wednesday the corrupt ones in which he attacked his companion joseph
luis garza who is striped and bng acapulco now if you do not know how are you
good evening welcome although sports
although he does not believe that it has been known why
efe what you want to continue playing on the air it seems that Miguel Herrera will be
a little annoying did not arrive facua receipt was not there as well as plugs
rímac in some of his companions and it is true and throughout said miguel
herrera before it will be published in the set
Iran refused to give statements because it is the hekla abacus cinemas what he
said that it is especially in the case of gracián when I speak of grace that the
customer base possible measures of the subsidiary ekhi barcelona was for mouth
juniors for all that the mayor says that although he interpreted the end is not going to
give statements outside of declining microphone statements and
recorders injured miguel herrera that leandro gracián is not in monterrey
in this test who explained that the striped of the monterrey
and this also opens another possibility because outside of
microphones is also learned egódio arévalo follows everything is resumed
about renewed the interest with the monterrey team for this player
Uruguayan